Fixes for load balancer and virtual machine scale sets related documentation (#4476)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/loadbalancer_nat_pool.html.markdown

# azurerm_lb_nat_pool

> Manages a Load Balancer NAT pool. This resource is intended to use with virtual machine scale sets.

Reviewer: This can be used with VMs as well so can we revert this?
```suggestion
Manages a Load Balancer NAT pool.
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing.
I might be wrong, but I've made those note(s) because in _ARM Template reference_ (**API version 2019-04-01**) and _REST API reference_ (**API version 2019-07-01**) regarding creating\updating Load Balancer resource in Azure there are some clarifications about using\referencing NAT Pools\NAT Rules:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/templates/microsoft.network/2019-04-01/loadbalancers#LoadBalancerPropertiesFormat
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/load-balancer/loadbalancers/createorupdate#request-body

Reviewer: Talking internally it sounds like while this cannot be used with a VM, it can be used with other azure resource. So instead could we perhaps add a note instead?
```suggestion
Manages a Load Balancer NAT pool. 

-> **NOTE:** This resource cannot be used with with virtual machines, instead use the `azurerm_lb_nat_rule` resource.
```
